fix: don't emit the dev bootstrap into builds with a non-standard NODE_ENV (#16023)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/fix-dev-bootstrap-node-env.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: don't emit the dev bootstrap into builds with a non-standard `NODE_ENV`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: avoid importing the Vite development client code into builds with a non-standard `NODE_ENV`
```
